# onemonth.com-assignments
onemonth.com intermediate week 2 excercise
Python with Data Science gives you an in-depth understanding of Python programming and statistics basics, which are required to build a strong foundation and start our journey towards becoming a successful data scientist. This Python with Data Science course explains Python programming basics and the various packages needed for data science. It also covers statistical distributions and univariate, bivariate, and multivariate statistics. we will then learn a fundamental data science technique called regression. You will be introduced to various types of regression and understand how to solve business problems by using these techniques. The entire course is experiential and hands-on, where we will solve real-world problems.

Several reputed universities, such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), The University of Texas at Austin, Northwestern University, PES University, etc., have established a collaboration with Great Learning to design world-class Postgraduate and Master’s Degree Programs in the field of Data Science. Explore here to get more information about India’s #1 ranked data science course and attain a Postgraduate or Master’s Degree Certification in the domain of Data Science from these best universities in the world. The faculty and mentors are highly skilled, experienced industry professionals who will provide us with guidance and mentorship for becoming a professional data scientist in our career.

